4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8

Good Evening Mrs. Lavigine,



I have a list of reasons prepared in an email format (which I think look like excuses but nonetheless provide context) as to why I did so poorly on my presentation despite being given a week to prepare for it. I did not want it to seem like I was giving excuses so wanted to ask if I should keep the email to explain during the interviews at the end of the year or send it to you now. I would love to hear your thoughts on this. (I would have asked you this with the email attached had it been directed towards another teacher)



Regards,

Fahd



P.S. I do understand that a redo might not be possible and realize that the presentation i did today was my own responsibility

------------------------------------------------------------------[Start of Email]------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Good Afternoon Mrs. Lavigine,

I am emailing regarding my presentation. Due to my health not being in good condition the day before(severe throbbing headache(took about 13 hrs of sleep after I got home and had to get up in the middle of the night to prepare for a chemistry exam followed by further sleep because i wasnt feeling well)), I was not able to prepare for my presentation to the best of my abilities as I had initially planned. This was further intensified by the fact that I had to complete and prepare about 10 different things before I have to leave for my trip tomorrow, school-related(taking advanced tests/coursework, etc) and otherwise. As for the point that the assignment was assigned to us a week before (4 school days and 3 holidays), I had to take a standardized test in a location that is about 4 hours drive from here(and is offered only 8 times an academic year and this was the last available date for this year) and thus I prioritized the test over my presentation, for which i couldnt find time in class to finish, for last week and the weekend thus leaving me with only this week to prepare, when I, unfortunately, fell sick. Due to all these reasons, I was not able to prepare to the best of my abilities. I didn't sign up for any other day because I wanted to do my presentation in class before I left for the trip not realizing that the presentation spots were available even after i came back.

Although I don't think I should have rushed my presentation as I did, please do understand that it was not my best and that I can and will deliver better results if I am given a chance at another presentation, if not this one. The last presentation I gave(the book club one) was also not that great, therefore painting the PCOs regarding my presentation skills in a bad light, adversly affecting my marks.  I didn't want to bring this up before or immediately after my presentation when I asked you since there were other people around and I didn't want to make it seem like a big deal. 

These may seem like excuses and might genuienly be. I do understand that I am responsible for what I did today but do sincerly hope you understand the circumstances under which my presentation today occurred. I wanted to end this rather long email by asking if i can make up for this presentation later on in the semester (maybe in my multigenre project) through which i can show my presentaion skills and better my standings for the PCO.

Sincerely,
Fahd